OSDOCS-4391 Adding shared VPC parameters to install config parameters (#51964)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

|The only supported value is `3`, which is the default value.

> |`credentialsMode`

Reviewer: Table 4 seems to have fixed width columns, causing it to hide the text of the columns in the preview. Ideally, all of the text should appear without the need to horizontally scroll the table, which might not be obvious to readers.

Author: I believe this is due to the parameters in table 4 that begin with `platform.gcp.defaultMachinePlatform.osDisk.encryptionKey.kmsKey`. They were added in another 4.12 ticket and since they're all technically one word, the table doesn't wrap them. I don't know of a better way to handle these deeply nested parameters. Do you?

Reviewer: I really don't. You have to scroll down to the bottom of the table to get the horizontal navigation. It looks like it was put in so that the parameters don't wrap, which forces the description column under the nav and forces you to scroll. I don't know that it would be better with parameters wrapping.

Author: Ah, I see your point. This hasn't been an issue for me because I use a laptop and I can use the trackpad to easily side-scroll without having to use the horizontal bar at the bottom of the table. I will bring this up at our next docs team meeting and see if there are any ideas on how to work around this.

|Parameter|Description|Values

|`platform.gcp.network`

> |The name of the existing VPC that you want to deploy your cluster to. If you want to deploy your cluster into a shared VPC, you must set `platform.gcp.networkProjectID` with the name of the GCP project that contains the shared VPC.

Reviewer: VPC isn't spelled out anywhere. Consider spelling out the first instance before using an acronym.

|String.

|`platform.gcp.networkProjectID`

> |Optional. The name of the GCP project that contains the shared VPC that you want to deploy your cluster to.

Reviewer: Consider "where you want to deploy your cluster."

|Any valid region name, such as `us-central1`.

|`platform.gcp.controlPlaneSubnet`

> |The name of the existing subnet where you want to deploy your control plane machine.

Reviewer 2: Suggest to replace `control plane machine` with `control plane machines`.

|The subnet name.

|`platform.gcp.computeSubnet`
|The name of the existing subnet where you want to deploy your compute machines.
|The subnet name.

|`platform.gcp.createFirewallRules`

> |Optional. Set this value to `Disabled` if you want to create and manage your firewall rules. By default, the cluster will automatically create and manage the firewall rules that are required for cluster communication. Your service account must have `roles/compute.networkAdmin` and `roles/compute.securityAdmin` privileges in the host project to perform these tasks automatically. 

Reviewer 2: Suggest to replace `if you want to create and manage your firewall rules` with `if you want to create and manage firewall rules manually through the use of network tags`.

> |Optional. Set this value to `Disabled` if you want to create and manage your firewall rules through the use of network tags. By default, the cluster will automatically create and manage the firewall rules that are required for cluster communication. Your service account must have `roles/compute.networkAdmin` and `roles/compute.securityAdmin` privileges in the host project to perform these tasks automatically. If your service account does not have the `roles/dns.admin` privilege in the host project, it must have the `dns.networks.bindPrivateDNSZone` permission.

Reviewer 3: Minimalism suggestion: Change to: Set this value to `Disabled` if you want to create and manage your firewall rules using network tags.

|`Enabled` or `Disabled`. The default value is `Enabled`.

|`platform.gcp.publicDNSZone.id`

> |Optional. The name of an existing public DNS zone in the host project. If you set this value, your service account must have the `roles/dns.admin` privilege in the host project. The public DNS zone domain must match the `baseDomain` parameter. If you do not set this value, the installation program will use the public DNS zone in the service project.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: `Optional. ID or name of the public DNS zone. `, and tell other info with `platform.gcp.publicDNSZone.project`.

Author: I reworded the public and private DNS zone parameters to take this feedback into account. What do you think?

Author: > I reworded the public and private DNS zone parameters to take this feedback into account. What do you think?

@jianli-wei Any additional feedback before we move forward with this PR? Thank you

> |Optional. The name of the project which contains the public DNS zone. If you set this value, your service account must have the `roles/dns.admin` privilege in the specified project. If you do not set this value, it defaults to `gcp.projectId`.

Reviewer 3: Change 'The name of the project which contains...' to 'The name of the project that contains...'.

|The public DNS zone name.

|`platform.gcp.publicDNSZone.project`

> |Optional. The name of the host project which contains the public DNS zone. This value is required if you specify a public DNS zone that exists in another project.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: `Optional. When it is provided, the public DNS zone should exist in this project, and the google cloud credential should have roles/dns.admin in the host project. Otherwise it defaults to the service project (gcp.projectID).`

> |Optional. The ID or name of an existing public DNS zone.  The public DNS zone domain must match the `baseDomain` parameter. If you do not set this value, the installation program will use the public DNS zone in the service project.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
|Optional. The ID or name of an existing public DNS zone.  The public DNS zone domain must match the `baseDomain` parameter. If you do not set this value, the installation program will create a public DNS zone in the service project.
```

> |Optional. The ID or name of an existing public DNS zone.  The public DNS zone domain must match the `baseDomain` parameter. If you do not set this value, the installation program will create a public DNS zone in the service project.

Reviewer 2: `If you do not set this value, the installation program will create a public DNS zone in the service project.` 

should be: 

`If you do not set this value, the installation program will use the public DNS zone,  in the service project, corresponding to the baseDomain.`

Author: <img width="787" alt="Screen Shot 2022-11-07 at 1 25 57 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93731574/200386513-08691029-2e60-460c-9231-eab770d2fe43.png">
@patrickdillon requested that I change it to "will create" instead of "will use". Patrick can you advise as to which phrasing is correct here? Thank you

Reviewer 4: @jianli-wei is correct. For the public zone it should be "will use", for the private zone it should be "will create." 

Nice catch jianli!

Author: Thanks @patrickdillon and @jianli-wei, I have updated the PR to reflect these changes. If this looks good I will proceed with peer review and merge review.

|The name of the project that contains the public DNS zone.

|`platform.gcp.privateDNSZone.id`

> |Optional. The name of an existing private DNS zone in the host project. If you set this value, your service account must have the `roles/dns.admin` privilege in the host project. If you do not set this value, the installation program will use the private DNS zone in the service project.

Reviewer 2: Similar suggestions, see `publicDNSZone.id` and `publicDNSZone.project`, thanks!

> |Optional. The name of the project which contains the private DNS zone. If you set this value, your service account must have the `roles/dns.admin` privilege in the host project. If you do not set this value, it defaults to `gcp.projectId`.

Reviewer 3: Change 'Optional. The name of the project which contains the private DNS zone.' to 'Optional. The name of the project that contains the private DNS zone.'

|The name of the project that contains the private DNS zone.

|`platform.gcp.privateDNSZone.id`

> |Optional. The ID or name of an existing private DNS zone.  If you do not set this value, the installation program will use the private DNS zone in the service project.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
|Optional. The ID or name of an existing private DNS zone.  If you do not set this value, the installation program will create a private DNS zone in the service project.
```
